	While studying in the library, Bucky Badger started to feel 
quite tired. If his roommate hadn't been so loud at night, maybe he 
wouldn't be fending off sleep right now, the night before his Math 222 
midterm. But what could he do about it now other than buy another coffee 
and try his hardest. But when Bucky went to check his watch, he realized 
the library closed in 15 minutes. Bucky started to panic, as he wasn't 
sure what to do. He ran back to his table and grabbed all of his books 
and notes and jammed them into his backpack and decided he would go to 
the his friend's apartment, who Bucky knew was quite the night owl. 
However, just as he started to walk down State Street, Bucky tripped on 
a rock on the ground and hit his head. Next thing Bucky knew, he was 
blacked out on State Street the night before his midterm waiting for 
anyone to help him.
	When Bucky came to, he found himself laying on a bed and the faint
sounds of machinery beeping around him. "... 's awake", he heard as he was
slowly gaining consciousness and taking in his surroundings. As Bucky tried to
sit himself up, a hand gently pressed on his chest. It was the nurse who then
told him that the doctor would be in here shortly. Several minutes later, a
stout, bearded man entered the room. If it were not for his scrubs and white
coat, Bucky would have thought the man to be a viking or a dwarf from a
medieval fantasy story. The doctor began to speak, "Ah, good. Bucky, you are
awake. Unfortunately, it seems you have suffered a concussion as a result of a
fall." Upon hearing this, Bucky's eyes widened to which the doctor tried to
calm him down. Accepting the reality of his situation, Bucky asked what day it
was and the doctor answered: it was the day after the Math 222 midterm.
        "Oh no." Bucky yelled. He was desperated that he missed the midterm 
which he reviewed carefully. However, when he tried to remember those knowledge,
he feeled extremely headache and fell asleep again. When he waked up again, he
saw that the doctor was stand besides him and talked that he should not use his
brain intensively until he recovered. Bucky feeled hopeless and he wanted to
find somewhere to cry. The doctor asked about his concern and promised that he
would offer a proof for his situation to the school so that he could take that
exam in another day. After two weeks, Bucky discharged from the hospital.
	Despite being released from the hospital, Bucky's headaches were 
not over. They were not constant but showed up every time he thought 
about calculus. Unfortunately, his Math 222 professor was making him 
take the midterm he missed today, even though he was not completely 
healed. After another late night studying, his head was pounding as he 
walked to the testing room. He arrived and sat down but couldn't think 
about the test answers with his headache. He tried to answer the 
questions, turned in his test, and left. When he got his results back, 
he was horrified.
	Bucky Badger had failed Math 222.
	Bucky was super bummed out, and decided to sulk around in his room for
a week straight. It didn't matter to him that he was missing other classes, as
he really wanted to pass Math 222. After all, it was all he needed to graduate
from UW-Madison with a degree in Mascot Studies. After one week of isolated
suffering, Bucky heard a knock on his door and decided to open it up. Bucky
was shocked to see the chancellor standing right before him. After she
introduced herself, she offered Bucky a plan. Aware of his hospital visit and
the concussion that followed, the cancellor decided to give Bucky another shot
in the Mascot Studies program. Bucky could not believe it, he was absolutely
ecstatic. Bucky knew that all he had to do was retake Math 222 with the
chancellor's second chance offering and pass. Bucky knew he had it in him, he
just had to plan out studying a little better this time. But for now, Bucky
decided to celebrate with a week full of partying with all of his friends. But
little did Bucky know, they were having their first exam for this new semester
in a week. Bucky didn't realize it until the night before the exam, and he was
devastated. "Hey, I can do this," Bucky assured himself. "Maybe one night of
studying at the library might help!" However, knowing Bucky's track record,
maybe that wasn't such a good idea. Would Bucky pull of a miracle and pass? Or
would history be doomed to repeat itself for our unfortunate badger. Only time
will tell.
